Enable visibility for gcc and clang (#848)
SOCI/soci: CMakeLists.txt

option(SOCI_TESTS "Enable build of collection of SOCI tests" ON)
option(SOCI_ASAN "Enable address sanitizer on GCC v4.8+/Clang v 3.1+" OFF)
option(SOCI_LTO "Enable link time optimization" OFF)

> option(SOCI_VIS, "Enable symbol trimming via C++ visibility: Preset visibility to hidden" off)

Reviewer: Hmm, I would be _for_ setting this one to `ON` by default, why not? I.e. I don't think there are any drawbacks to doing it.

Also, let's use something more readable, even if longer, for the option name, e.g. `SOCI_VISIBILITY`.

Author: Done

> option(SOCI_VISIBILITY "Enable symbol trimming via C++ visibility: Preset visibility to hidden" on)

Reviewer: Sorry for nitpicking but I think correct terminology is important: visibility is a property of ELF binaries, not C++ language, so I'd describe it like this:
```suggestion
option(SOCI_VISIBILITY "Enable hiding private symbol using ELF visibility if supported by the platform" on)
```

    endif()
endif()

if (SOCI_VISIBILITY)
    # Test whether visibility is supported
    include(CheckCSourceCompiles)
    check_c_source_compiles(
        "
            __attribute__ (( visibility(\"default\") )) int f1() { return 0; }
            __attribute__ (( visibility(\"hidden\") ))  int f2() { return 1; }

            int main(int argc, char* argv[]) { f1(); f2(); return 0; }
        "

>         ENABLE_VISIBILITY_SUPPORT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        SOCI_ENABLE_VISIBILITY_SUPPORT
```
just to avoid any possible (even if unlikely) conflict with another library predefining this symbol when compiling SOCI headers.

Author: Sure.
